Obadiah chapter 1. the vision of Obadiah
Obadiah chapter 1. the vision of Obadiah thus says the Lord God concerning Edom
thus says the Lord God concerning Edom
thus says the Lord God concerning Edom we have heard a report from the Lord and
we have heard a report from the Lord and
we have heard a report from the Lord and a messenger has been sent among the
a messenger has been sent among the
a messenger has been sent among the nation saying arise and let us rise up
nation saying arise and let us rise up
nation saying arise and let us rise up against her for battle
against her for battle
against her for battle behold I will make you small among the
behold I will make you small among the
behold I will make you small among the Nations you shall be greatly despised
Nations you shall be greatly despised
Nations you shall be greatly despised the pride of your heart has deceived you
the pride of your heart has deceived you
the pride of your heart has deceived you you who dwell in the clefts of the rock
you who dwell in the clefts of the rock
you who dwell in the clefts of the rock whose habitation is high you who say in
whose habitation is high you who say in
whose habitation is high you who say in your heart who will bring me down to the
your heart who will bring me down to the
your heart who will bring me down to the ground
ground
ground though you ascend as high as the eagle
though you ascend as high as the eagle
though you ascend as high as the eagle and though you set your nest Among the
and though you set your nest Among the
and though you set your nest Among the Stars from there I will bring you down
Stars from there I will bring you down
Stars from there I will bring you down says the Lord if thieves had come to you
says the Lord if thieves had come to you
says the Lord if thieves had come to you if robbers by Night owe how you will be
if robbers by Night owe how you will be
if robbers by Night owe how you will be cut off
cut off
cut off would they not have stolen till they had
would they not have stolen till they had
would they not have stolen till they had enough if grape gatherers had come to
enough if grape gatherers had come to
enough if grape gatherers had come to you would they not have left some
you would they not have left some
you would they not have left some gleanings oh how Esau shall be searched
gleanings oh how Esau shall be searched
gleanings oh how Esau shall be searched out how his hidden treasure shall be
out how his hidden treasure shall be
out how his hidden treasure shall be sought after all the men in your
sought after all the men in your
sought after all the men in your Confederacy shall force you to the
Confederacy shall force you to the
Confederacy shall force you to the border the minute peace with you shall
border the minute peace with you shall
border the minute peace with you shall deceive you and Prevail against you
deceive you and Prevail against you
deceive you and Prevail against you those who eat your bread shall lay a
those who eat your bread shall lay a
those who eat your bread shall lay a trap for you no one is aware of it
trap for you no one is aware of it
trap for you no one is aware of it will I not in that day says the Lord
will I not in that day says the Lord
will I not in that day says the Lord even destroy the wise men from Edom and
even destroy the wise men from Edom and
even destroy the wise men from Edom and understanding from the mountains of Esau
understanding from the mountains of Esau
understanding from the mountains of Esau then your Mighty Men no demon shall be
then your Mighty Men no demon shall be
then your Mighty Men no demon shall be dismayed to the end that everyone from
dismayed to the end that everyone from
dismayed to the end that everyone from the mountains of Esau may be cut off by
the mountains of Esau may be cut off by
the mountains of Esau may be cut off by Slaughter
Slaughter
Slaughter for violence against your brother Jacob
for violence against your brother Jacob
for violence against your brother Jacob shame shall cover you and you shall be
shame shall cover you and you shall be
shame shall cover you and you shall be cut off forever in the day that you
cut off forever in the day that you
cut off forever in the day that you stood on the other side in the day that
stood on the other side in the day that
stood on the other side in the day that strangers carried captive his forces
strangers carried captive his forces
strangers carried captive his forces when foreigners entered his Gates and
when foreigners entered his Gates and
when foreigners entered his Gates and cast lots for Jerusalem even you were as
cast lots for Jerusalem even you were as
cast lots for Jerusalem even you were as one of them but you should not have
one of them but you should not have
one of them but you should not have gazed on the day of your brother in the
gazed on the day of your brother in the
gazed on the day of your brother in the day of his captivity nor should you have
day of his captivity nor should you have
day of his captivity nor should you have rejoiced over the children of Judah in
rejoiced over the children of Judah in
rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction nor should
the day of their destruction nor should
the day of their destruction nor should you have spoken proudly in the day of
you have spoken proudly in the day of
you have spoken proudly in the day of distress you should not have entered the
distress you should not have entered the
distress you should not have entered the Gate of my people in the day of their
Gate of my people in the day of their
Gate of my people in the day of their Calamity indeed you should not have
Calamity indeed you should not have
Calamity indeed you should not have gazed on their Affliction in the day of
gazed on their Affliction in the day of
gazed on their Affliction in the day of their Calamity nor laid hands on their
their Calamity nor laid hands on their
their Calamity nor laid hands on their substance in the day of their Calamity
substance in the day of their Calamity
substance in the day of their Calamity you should not have stood at the
you should not have stood at the
you should not have stood at the crossroads to cut off those among them
crossroads to cut off those among them
crossroads to cut off those among them who escaped nor should you have
who escaped nor should you have
who escaped nor should you have delivered up those among them who
delivered up those among them who
delivered up those among them who remained in the day of distress for the
remained in the day of distress for the
remained in the day of distress for the day of the Lord upon all the nations is
day of the Lord upon all the nations is
day of the Lord upon all the nations is near as you have done it shall be done
near as you have done it shall be done
near as you have done it shall be done to you your reprisal shall return upon
to you your reprisal shall return upon
to you your reprisal shall return upon your own head for as you drank on my
your own head for as you drank on my
your own head for as you drank on my Holy Mountain so shall all the nations
Holy Mountain so shall all the nations
Holy Mountain so shall all the nations drink continually yes they shall drink
drink continually yes they shall drink
drink continually yes they shall drink and swallow and they shall be as though
and swallow and they shall be as though
and swallow and they shall be as though they had never been but on Mount Zion
they had never been but on Mount Zion
they had never been but on Mount Zion there shall be deliverance and there
there shall be deliverance and there
there shall be deliverance and there shall be Holiness the house of Jacob
shall be Holiness the house of Jacob
shall be Holiness the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions the
shall possess their possessions the
shall possess their possessions the house of Jacob shall be a fire and the
house of Jacob shall be a fire and the
house of Jacob shall be a fire and the house of Joseph aflame but the house of
house of Joseph aflame but the house of
house of Joseph aflame but the house of Esau shall be stubble they shall Kindle
Esau shall be stubble they shall Kindle
Esau shall be stubble they shall Kindle them and devour them and no Survivor
them and devour them and no Survivor
them and devour them and no Survivor shall remain of the House of Esau for
shall remain of the House of Esau for
shall remain of the House of Esau for the Lord has spoken the South shall
the Lord has spoken the South shall
the Lord has spoken the South shall possess the mountains of Esau and the
possess the mountains of Esau and the
possess the mountains of Esau and the lowland shall possess philistia they
lowland shall possess philistia they
lowland shall possess philistia they shall possess the fields of Ephraim and
shall possess the fields of Ephraim and
shall possess the fields of Ephraim and the fields of Samaria Benjamin shall
the fields of Samaria Benjamin shall
the fields of Samaria Benjamin shall possess Gilead and the captives of this
possess Gilead and the captives of this
possess Gilead and the captives of this host of the children of Israel shall
host of the children of Israel shall
host of the children of Israel shall possess the land of the Canaanites as
possess the land of the Canaanites as
possess the land of the Canaanites as far as arafath the captives of Jerusalem
far as arafath the captives of Jerusalem
far as arafath the captives of Jerusalem who are in safarid shall possess the
who are in safarid shall possess the
who are in safarid shall possess the cities of the South
cities of the South
cities of the South then savior shall come to Mount Zion to
then savior shall come to Mount Zion to
then savior shall come to Mount Zion to judge the mountains of Esau and the
judge the mountains of Esau and the
judge the mountains of Esau and the kingdom shall be the Lords
kingdom shall be the Lords
kingdom shall be the Lords foreign